Update 101-powershell.md (#5147)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/devops/content/102-live-in-terminal/scripting/101-powershell.md

# Powershell

> Windows PowerShell is a command-line shell and scripting language designed especially for system administration. Its analogue in Linux is called as Bash Scripting. Built on the .NET Framework, Windows PowerShell helps IT professionals to control and automate the administration of the Windows operating system and applications that run on Windows Server environment.

Reviewer: Thanks for the contribution but please change to the following:

```suggestion
Windows PowerShell is a command-line shell and scripting language designed specifically for system administration. Its counterpart in Linux is called Bash Scripting. Built on the .NET Framework, Windows PowerShell enables IT professionals to control and automate the administration of the Windows operating system and applications that run in a Windows Server environment.
```
